---
id: "2db10d39"
title: "M&A Statistics: Transactions and Activity by year. M&A Trends | IMAA"
source_repo: "facebookresearch/CRAG"
source_path: "crag/finance/48/page_1"
tags: [crag, finance]
confidence: medium
---

# M&A Statistics: Transactions and Activity by year. M&A Trends | IMAA

IMAA offers worldwide extensive and regularly updated M&amp;A statistics, up-to-date information, and research on Mergers &amp; Acquisitions by year.In this section the Institute of Mergers, Acquisitions and Alliances (IMAA) provides you with selected, regularly updated M&A statistics worldwide and for various regions or industries. As a free user or individual / corporate member of our Institute you have full access and can also download M&A data and statistics with the actual numbers in spreadsheets (google sheets and excel format). The Mergers & Acquisitions Professional (M&AP) is a program designed to meet the needs of auditing, consulting, deal advisory, investment banking, and legal professionals. The M&AP covers all aspects of the transaction process and provides insight into running a successful M&A boutique. The Legal Mergers and Acquisitions Expert certification training program covers all relevant topics within the M&A process from a legal standpoint: pre-deal, during due diligence and negotiations, as well as post acquisition. Join a global network of legal experts and M&A professionals interested in legal issues and become a LM&A Charterholder! ... The Certified Post Merger Integration Expert (CPMI) is a tailored program to address the needs of advisors, Human Resource professionals, Project Managers, management consultants, change specialists, corporate M&A and integration teams. The Institute for Mergers, Acquisitions and Alliances (IMAA) publishes regularly Heat Maps. The most current heat maps have been published on January 09, 2019. In order to download a copy of the latest repornt, the detailed ranking, and graphs, please login with your account (if you have no account yet, you can register for free).