---
id: "3ffcc157"
title: "Visa Vs. Mastercard: Which Is The Better Choice For Investors? ..."
source_repo: "facebookresearch/CRAG"
source_path: "crag/finance/25/page_0"
tags: [crag, finance]
confidence: medium
---

# Visa Vs. Mastercard: Which Is The Better Choice For Investors? ...

I consider both Visa and Mastercard to be excellent investment choices when it comes to risk and reward. See why I would currently choose MA stock over V stock.While Mastercard has shown a Revenue Growth 5 Year [CAGR] of 12.22%, Visa’s is 9.98%. The same is shown when taking a closer look at the EBIT Growth 3 Year [CAGR]: while Mastercard’s is 9.30%, Visa’s is 8.81%. Particularly due to Mastercard’s slightly higher Growth Rates in combination with the results of my DCF Model (which indicates an Internal Rate of Return of 12% for Mastercard and 10% for Visa), I currently rate Mastercard as a strong buy while Visa receives my buy rating. Let’s now take a look at the companies’ P/E [FWD] Ratio in order to see which is the more attractive in terms of Valuation: Visa’s P/E [FWD] Ratio of 27.33 is slightly below that of Mastercard (P/E [FWD] Ratio of 29.73). In my opinion, the slightly higher P/E [FWD] Ratio of Mastercard in comparison to Visa can be justified with Mastercard’s Growth Rates being above its competitor. When having a closer look at the companies’ Dividend, we find that Visa currently pays the slightly higher Dividend Yield [FWD] when compared to Mastercard: at this moment in time, Visa’s Dividend Yield [FWD] is 0.80% while Mastercard’s is 0.63%. While Visa’s Total Return has been 92.34% over the last 5 years, Mastercard’s has been 110.38% (the S&P 500 has shown a Total Return of 48.40%). In this comparative analysis, I will show you which of the companies is the lower-risk investment and which offers the higher reward. ... In my opinion, both Visa (NYSE:V) and Mastercard (NYSE:MA) provide (dividend growth) investors with excellent chances when it comes to risk and reward.