---
id: "42480b7e"
title: "Curo Group Holdings Stock Price Today (NYSE: CURO) Quote, Market ..."
source_repo: "facebookresearch/CRAG"
source_path: "crag/finance/20/page_1"
tags: [crag, finance]
confidence: medium
---

# Curo Group Holdings Stock Price Today (NYSE: CURO) Quote, Market ...

How much is Curo Group Holdings stock worth today? (NYSE: CURO) Curo Group Holdings currently has 40,485,381 outstanding shares. With Curo Group Holdings stock trading at $4.23 per share, the total value of Curo Group Holdings stock (market capitalization) is $171.25M. Curo Group Holdings stock was originally listed at a price ...How much is Curo Group Holdings stock worth today? (NYSE: CURO) Curo Group Holdings currently has 40,485,381 outstanding shares. With Curo Group Holdings stock trading at $4.23 per share, the total value of Curo Group Holdings stock (market capitalization) is $171.25M. Curo Group Holdings stock was originally listed at a price of $14.20 in Dec 7, 2017. Curo Group Holdings's market cap is calculated by multiplying CURO's current stock price of $4.23 by CURO's total outstanding shares of 40,485,381. ... AboutBlogStock Investing FAQPlansPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceCancellation & RefundsHelp GuidesContactTwitterYouTube · Top Performing AnalystsStock ScreenerStock ForecastTrending StocksStrong Buy StocksHighest Earnings StocksBest Dividend Paying StocksStatisticsStock Market SectorsStock Market IndustriesHow to Buy Stocks Online · Buy The DipBiggest Stock Gainers TodayBiggest Stock Losers Today52 Week High Stocks52 Week Low StocksMost Active Stocks TodayMost Undervalued StocksBest Penny Stocks to Buy NowBest Stocks Under $5Best Stocks Under $10 Curo Group Holdings stock was originally listed at a price of $14.20 in Dec 7, 2017. If you had invested in Curo Group Holdings stock at $14.20, your return over the last 5 years would have been -70.21%, for an annualized return of -21.51% (not including any dividends or dividend reinvestments). CURO is good value based on its book value relative to its share price (1.38x), compared to the US Credit Services industry average (3.43x) ... CURO is unprofitable, so we... subscribe to Premium to read more.