---
id: "430ffaa9"
title: "SGML - Sigma Lithium Corp Stock Price Quote - NASDAQ | Morningstar"
source_repo: "facebookresearch/CRAG"
source_path: "crag/finance/2/page_1"
tags: [crag, finance]
confidence: medium
---

# SGML - Sigma Lithium Corp Stock Price Quote - NASDAQ | Morningstar

SGML’s stock style is Mid Growth. Style is an investment factor that has a meaningful impact on investment risk and returns. Style is calculated by combining value and growth scores, which are first individually calculated. High-growth stocks tend to represent the technology, healthcare, and communications sectors. They rarely distribute dividends ...SGML’s stock style is Mid Growth. Style is an investment factor that has a meaningful impact on investment risk and returns. Style is calculated by combining value and growth scores, which are first individually calculated. High-growth stocks tend to represent the technology, healthcare, and communications sectors. They rarely distribute dividends to shareholders, opting for reinvestment in their businesses. They rarely distribute dividends to shareholders, opting for reinvestment in their businesses. More value-oriented stocks tend to represent financial services, utilities, and energy stocks. These are established companies that reliably pay dividends. Learn more about style. SGML’s beta can be found in Trading Information at the top of this page. See the latest Sigma Lithium Corp stock price (NASDAQ:SGML), related news, valuation, dividends and more to help you make your investing decisions. No. SGML does not currently have a forward dividend yield. Dividend yield allows investors, particularly those interested in dividend-paying stocks, to compare the relationship between a stock’s price and how it rewards stockholders through dividends. The formula for calculating dividend yield is to divide the annual dividend paid per share by the stock price.