---
id: "5be88f73"
title: "Eli Lilly and Stock Price | LLY Stock Quote, News, and History ..."
source_repo: "facebookresearch/CRAG"
source_path: "crag/finance/21/page_1"
tags: [crag, finance]
confidence: medium
---

# Eli Lilly and Stock Price | LLY Stock Quote, News, and History ...

The latest Eli Lilly and stock prices, stock quotes, news, and LLY history to help you invest and trade smarter.Eli Lilly and stock has received a consensus rating of buy. The average rating score is and is based on 90 buy ratings, 9 hold ratings, and 0 sell ratings. What was the 52-week low for Eli Lilly and stock? The low in the last 52 weeks of Eli Lilly and stock was 309.25. The low in the last 52 weeks of Eli Lilly and stock was 309.25. According to the current price, Eli Lilly and is 248.59% away from the 52-week low. What was the 52-week high for Eli Lilly and stock? The high in the last 52 weeks of Eli Lilly and stock was 794.47. According to the current price, Eli Lilly and is 96.76% away from the 52-week high. What are analysts forecasts for Eli Lilly and stock? The 99 analysts offering price forecasts for Eli Lilly and have a median target of 525.73, with a high estimate of 950.00 and a low estimate of 290.00. The 99 analysts offering price forecasts for Eli Lilly and have a median target of 525.73, with a high estimate of 950.00 and a low estimate of 290.00. The median estimate represents a 146.23 difference from the last price of 768.75. ... Prev. Close ... Feb. 04 2021 Mar. 05 2021 ... *The average price target includes all analyst analysis, not just the most recent analysis presented in the chart. ... Eli Lilly & Co. engages in the discovery, development, manufacture, and sale of pharmaceutical products.