---
id: "aee80084"
title: "XPeng Inc. (XPEV) distance from 20-day Simple moving Average is ..."
source_repo: "facebookresearch/CRAG"
source_path: "crag/finance/37/page_0"
tags: [crag, finance]
confidence: medium
---

# XPeng Inc. (XPEV) distance from 20-day Simple moving Average is ...

The stock’s price range for the 52-week period managed to maintain the performance between $17.11 and $74.49. The company’s shares, operating in the sector of Consumer Cyclical managed to top a trading volume set approximately around 28086827 for the day, which was evidently higher, when compared to the average daily volumes of the shares. When it comes to the year-to-date metrics, the XPeng Inc. (XPEV...The stock’s price range for the 52-week period managed to maintain the performance between $17.11 and $74.49. The company’s shares, operating in the sector of Consumer Cyclical managed to top a trading volume set approximately around 28086827 for the day, which was evidently higher, when compared to the average daily volumes of the shares. When it comes to the year-to-date metrics, the XPeng Inc. (XPEV) recorded performance in the market was -26.45%, having the revenues showcasing -51.00% on a quarterly basis in comparison with the same period year before. At the end of the latest market close, XPeng Inc. (XPEV) was valued at $35.50. In that particular session, Stock kicked-off at the price of $33.54 while reaching the peak value of $33.77 and lowest value recorded on the day was $31.38. The stock current value is $31.50. Home Industry XPeng Inc. (XPEV) distance from 20-day Simple moving Average is -27.34%: What... Price records that include history of low and high prices in the period of 52 weeks can tell a lot about the stock’s existing status and the future performance. Presently, XPeng Inc. shares are logging -57.71% during the 52-week period from high price, and 84.10% higher than the lowest price point for the same timeframe.